Testplans for the Bugfinder (#104)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/minigames/bugfinder-frontend/plans/u-bugfinder-6-next-code.md

# Bugfinder next code (u.bugfinder-6)

Version: V1.0, 05.08.2022
Author: Timo Schnaible
Tester: -

## Description

> When the player submited his solution he can get to the next code snipped by pressing the `Next Code` button which replaced the `Submit` button. The button is only shown if there is another code snipped. Additionally the virtual chat partner asks for help with another bug in the chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After submitting a solution, there can be a new snippet with new bugs. Additionally, the virtual chat partner asks for help again.
```

## Precondition

The tester submited and another code snipped exists.

## Postcondition

> The next code snipped is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next code snippet is shown.
```
At least you're consistently wrong...

## Typical procedure

1. Press start to start the game
2. The first code snipped is shown
3. Select the bugs
4. Press the `Submit` button

> 5. The `Submit` button gets replaced by the `Next Code` button

Reviewer: Precondition. Maybe apart from ``The `Submit` button is now a `Next Code` button`` here.

6. The virtual chat partner asks for help with another bug
7. Press the `Next Code` button
8. A chat message from the player appears where he says he wants to help
10. The virtual chat partner is happy about the help
9. The next code snipped appears 

## Alternative procedures

5.1. The `Next Code` button doesn't appear
5.2. The `Submit` button doesn't disappear
6.1. No chat message appears
6.2. A wrong chat message appears
8.1. No chat message appears
8.2. A wrong chat message appears
10.1. No chat message appears
10.2. The virtual chat partner is unhappy about the help

> 11.1. Th next code snipped doesn't appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11.1. The next code snippet doesn't appear
```

## Criticality

High

## Linkages

> - [Feedback (u.bugfinder-5)](u-bugfinder-4-feedback.md)
> - [Bug selection (u.bugfinder-2)](u-bugfinder-2-bug-selection.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feedback (`u.bugfinder-4`)](u-bugfinder-4-feedback.md)
- [Bug selection (`u.bugfinder-2`)](u-bugfinder-2-bug-selection.md)
```
